well that's who i am you know i tell you
who you are kane and not the other way
around i am your mother
i ain't never been good i wasn't raised
that way
now the relationship between racquel and
kanan is something that they focused on
heavily during this first season and as
raising kanan kicked off with his first
episode we saw how eager kanan was to
learn the game from iraq he wanted more
responsibility and rack very quickly
accepted him for who he was but as the
season started to go on we started to
learn that kanan was not only defined by
the choices that he made but as raqqa
told kanan in the very first episode she
tells him who he is not the other way
around and he's also defined by raqqa's
choices because she sees him as more of
an extension of herself it started with
raquel telling us that nothing will ever
get between her and kaiden but by the
end of the season with all the lies that
she'd been keeping from him and how she
then manipulated him into trying to kill
his own father it's clear that she
definitely defined a part of kanan but
going into season 2 their relationship
is definitely going to be fractured and
something that is going to continue
being tested until they reach this
breaking point so in this video we're
going to look at the actors teasing
season 2 with their relationship and why
it's beyond repair and can only get
worse from here but of course if you're
new to the channel and you haven't done
so already then remember to smash the
subscriber and you shouldn't see
everything power book 3 empower universe
related let's start with some of the
comments from makai curtis and see what
he said on season 2 with his
relationship with rag and then we'll go
into the characters in a bit more detail
now makaike has said this i think the
relationship now is some ways already
fractured especially after hearing that
she ordered the hit on d whiz and i feel
like even though kanan says he
understands why she did it he still
doesn't like the fact that she said she
was gonna stop lying and then she went
all this long without letting him know
aside from other things losing one of
his closest friends and there being an
all-out war behind it he's kind of just
been in a blind fit of rage so the bond
between racquel and kanan is definitely
going to be tested not just with kanan
but with lulu and marvin as well and
we'll get to their characters in the
next week or so but rack has been lined
to kanan throughout his life especially
with telling him that his father was
defcon and having him shoot his real
father but kanan definitely has to take
some blame for this the whole war was a
ripple effect from kanan being eager to
get out on the streets and play his part
when he and d whiz killed buck 20 in the
very first episode ever since then it's
been a knock-on effect with d-riz's
death the starshouts being hit by unique
wrack losing a connect and kanan
dropping bodies with his bad crack but
this conversation between the two that
they had in episode 8 was the most
important raquel told kanan that she
thought she raised him different but we
all know that kanan he's never been good
he's never been raised that way he's
exactly what raquel made him to be and
at the end of the day kanan just wanted
his mom to believe in him and trust him
but at this point in raising kanan she
told him that he had dead people all
over because of his bad crack why would
she ever believe in him she told him how
she was the one who had d whiz killed
and then he started to dawn on kanan
just how badly he [ __ ] up because his
actions had consequences and devis was
the sacrifice that iraq had to make to
save kanan but he also realized in this
conversation just how badly he'd been
lied to this whole time by his mom and
she even went as far as to go into
comfort d with his mom in her own home
at the end of episode three one of
raqqa's coldest moments in this season
and definitely not her last as we all
know and i'm gonna go through a few
other similar situations that we saw in
power later on in this video but she
didn't want to lie to kane anymore so
she told him the truth about marvin and
how he did his bid while him and duke
are babies she told him about d whiz box
20 and how she's also had to clean up
his mess over and over again and
although kanan says he understood why
iraq did what she had to do it doesn't
mean that he's forgiven her completely
or he'll forget about it this is one of
kanan's best friends and someone who
definitely would have made a good
soldier for kanan everyone that the
older kanan did a narration on had a
huge part to play and he told his d whiz
was down for whatever whenever he was
someone who was built for these streets
not like famous so the death of d whiz
and how his mum had him killed will
definitely stick with him so as i just
mentioned a moment ago in this
conversation he just realized how badly
he'd been lied to by rock and although
he understands ackel went one step
further and had kane to try and kill his
own father so she took the line to a
whole new level now i'm sure this is the
last thing that iraq wanted kanan to do
because no mother wants to ask their son
to do what she did but would live in
hospital and how howard forced raqqa's
hand in only sending kanan because he'd
shoot anybody else on site she realized
that he's the only one who could get
close enough to him and kill him because
he'd never see coming from kanan and
this is just going to add to the
fractious relationship that kanan and
rak have if and when kanan finds out and
uncovers more truths behind raqqa's lies
now we don't know if kenyan will
actually find out that howard is his
father this is something i'm sure we'll
start to learn more of in season two for
me definitely wouldn't make sense and
follow the power storyline with him
telling us that he didn't know his
father so this is one of those ones
where we just have to wait and see where
they take this storyline but he could
very well find out more lies such as our
rat could potentially have been the one
who set marvin up to go to prison in the
first innocence when him and duke were
babies or how rock would have even
potentially been the one to light up
high post for being a snitch or even
having defcon moved out of the way so
she was able to climb the ranks of the
business just like raqqa said to kanan
very early on in the season she was just
like kanan she was eager to get into the
business and not just sit in the stash
house all day like defcon had to do and
if racket really did send mob into
prison and dealt with high post at
defcon and kanan learns about this then
kanan will most likely realize that
he'll have to do this at some point as
well in the future if he really is to
reach rock's position because it's a
part of the game and you're only a real
killer till you kill someone you love so
it makes me wonder did caden even
manipulate ghost into killing breeze to
keep his hands clean as one of the 48
laws of power teaches us and something
that raquel did with having others do a
dirty work it's definitely something to
think about because i really wouldn't
put it past kanan because of our
manipulative he was but it also makes me
think what more will raquel do to make
kanan really think that i can't trust my
mom just like how the older kane's
narration told us at the end of episode
10 which i believe is a foreshadow for
even more lies and deceit to come from
racquel for example could raquel do
something about davina and will this
finally be the moment which turns kanan
against his mom because i really
wouldn't put anything past raquel now
after seeing what she did this season
they told us everything we needed to
know about who this character was very
early on when she had d whiz killed and
when she went to go comfort his mom
which was very reminiscent of how tommy
went to go pay his respects to pause
when she killed angela ghost doing the
same to q dubs when he was the one who
killed roller and two-bit doing this
with spanky's mom in power book 2 ghost
it just shows how unforgiving and cold
you have to be in the power universe and
raquel knows at some point kanan will as
well because at the moment he's just
someone who's trying to figure out who
he is himself the person that you think
of yourself exists only for you and even
you don't know who that is every person
that you meet and have a relationship
with in the street creates a different
version for you in their heads just like
racquel has created a version of kanan
marvin has created his own version and
breeze will too just like there will be
many versions of ghost but there's a lot
that's happening in kanan's life right
now and it's moving very quick him
trying to help his mom resulted in a war
between unique and raquel it resulted in
the loss of a close one which was d whiz
he dropped a lot of bodies with his bad
crack including nicole's death and
davina entered and left his life real
quick as well he's having to grow up
fast in a world that's not going to slow
down for anyone especially for someone
with kanan's ambitions and where he
wants to end up but he's doing [ __ ]
that's gonna stay with him forever he's
also deciding who he's gonna be for the
rest of his life and the scary part for
kanan is he doesn't even know who he is
yet which would be an extension of rack
parts of marvin maybe blue and scrappy
and definitely breeze later on as well
and if breeze really is being introduced
in season 2 as 50 teas where does this
leave racquel and kana's relationship if
kanan does start to work on de breeze
what happens to racquel and kane's
relationship at this point in raising
canaan because this is going to be a
huge moment for the power universe
because we really will then find out
whether she's alive in the timeline of
power or whether this is just a person
that came and killed that he loved or
whether she's sent to prison just like
our ghost and came into prison to take
over so this is definitely something to
look out for in season two of raising
canaan as makai cat is teased that
racquel and kane's relationship is going
to be fractured and this is definitely
going to be tested further in season two
so let me know what you guys think down
below in the comment section drop all
your thoughts down below on kanan and
rackhard's relationship and how it's
gonna change as we move into season two
and do you agree that kanan is defined
by the choices that he made but also the
choices that raquel made for him let me
know what you guys think down below and
of course if you're new to the channel
and you haven't done so already then
remember to smash the subscribe button
if you don't see everything powerbook 3
and power universe related but as always
thank you guys for watching and i'll see
you
next time